#
#   title:  vimbrant - an moc theme 
#   author: thayer williams
#   site:   http://cinderwick.ca/
#

background              = default   default normal
frame                   = white     default normal
window_title            = yellow    default bold
directory               = cyan      default normal
selected_directory      = cyan      default bold
playlist                = yellow    default normal
selected_playlist       = yellow    default bold
file                    = white     default normal
selected_file           = white     default bold
marked_file             = magenta   default normal
marked_selected_file    = green     default bold
info                    = black     default bold
marked_info             = magenta   default normal
selected_info           = blue      default normal
status                  = white     red     bold
title                   = yellow    default bold
state                   = green     default bold,blink
current_time            = white     default bold
time_left               = black     default bold
total_time              = red       default normal
time_total_frames       = white     default normal
sound_parameters        = white     default bold
legend                  = cyan      default normal
disabled                = black     default bold
enabled                 = white     default bold
empty_mixer_bar         = white     default bold
filled_mixer_bar        = white     green   bold
empty_time_bar          = black     default bold
filled_time_bar         = white     white   bold
entry                   = white     default normal
entry_title             = magenta   default normal
error                   = white     default bold
message                 = yellow    default bold
plist_time              = white     default bold

